[
  { "name": "Buddha Tooth Temple",
    "keyword": "buddha",
    "description": "The Buddha Tooth Relic Temple and museum located in the Chinatown district was recently built in 2007, but the temple’s richly designed interiors and comprehensive exhibits on Buddhist art and history tell stories of culture over hundreds of years old. The temple gets its name from what the Buddhists regard as the left canine tooth of Buddha, which has been recovered from his funeral pyre in Kushinagar, India and displayed in its grounds.",
    "mapquery" : "Buddha Tooth Temple"
  },
  { "name": "Gardens by the Bay",
    "keyword": "gardens",
    "description": "Oh look! It's the Megatrees! Opppsss! It's just the Supertrees at the Gardens by the Bay. Located next to Marina Reservoir, Gardens by the Bay offers breath-taking waterfront views and unique vertical gardens. This multi-award winning horticultural destination spans 101 hectares of reclaimed land, and has different themed gardens and horticultural delights for people of all ages.",
    "mapquery" : "Gardens by the Bay"
  },
  { "name": "Haw Par Villa",
    "keyword": "hawpar",
    "description": "Built in 1937, Haw Par Villa is famous for its often gruesome depictions of Chinese folklore's 10 Courts of Hell. But this wonderful theme park also has more, shall I say, tasteful scenes from other Chinese legends, such as Journey to the West and Madame White Snake. Pick your favourite from the over 1,000 colourful statues and tableaux on display, among them a giant gorilla and massive deity heads.",
    "mapquery" : "Haw Par Villa"
  },
  { "name": "Marina Bay Sands",
    "keyword": "mbs",
    "description": "It looks like a celestial surfboard or a spaceship docking on a tripod. No matter where your imagination takes you, the Marina Bay Sands SkyPark is a gawk-worthy feat of engineering. Designed by visionary architect Moshe Safdie, the SkyPark floats atop the three soaring Marina Bay Sands hotel towers. It houses a ticketed observation deck, lush gardens, top-notch restaurants and an exclusive, infinity-edge swimming pool with a legendary view.",
    "mapquery" : "Marina Bay Sands"
  },
  { "name": "Merlion",
    "keyword": "merlion",
    "description": "By now, you should have realized that merlion = mermaid + lion. There are five authorised merlion statues around Singapore today. The body symbolises Singapore's humble beginnings as a fishing village when it was called Temasek, meaning 'sea town' in Old Javanese. Its head represents Singapore's original name, Singapura, or 'lion city' in Malay. Today, you can glimpse this legend at Merlion Park, spouting water from its mouth.",
    "mapquery" : "Merlion Park"
  },
  { "name": "Mustafa",
    "keyword": "mustafa",
    "description": "Mustafa Centre is one of Singapore's 24-hour shopping malls on Syed Alwi Road in Little India. Within walking distance from Farrer Park station on the North East Line, Mustafa Centre is a retail hub attracting many shoppers with its wide variety of products and services, such as jewellery, groceries, books, clothings, toys, electronics, footwear, cosmetics and many more. Basically it's a one-stop centre for everything.",
    "mapquery" : "Mustafa"
  },
  { "name": "Night Safari",
    "keyword": "safari",
    "description": "As dusk falls, the shutters open at the Night Safari, welcoming you into a world of nocturnal creatures and their dimly-lit homes. Opened in 1994 and located next to the Singapore Zoo, the Night Safari is the world’s first safari park for nocturnal animals. But it resembles a wildlife park more than an actual safari. Your eyes will take a while to adjust to the darkness here, but once they do, you’ll be greeted by over 2,500 resident animals from over 130 species.",
    "mapquery" : "Night Safari"
  },
  { "name": "Umbrella Trees",
    "keyword": "umbrella",
    "description": "Ever wished for someone to hold up an umbrella to shade you from the hot sun in Singapore? The Hindoo Road site features tree sculptures, but with their leaves replaced by umbrellas to shade the seating areas beneath. The design is inspired by how trees serve to provide much-needed shade in the hot afternoons. A 'cool' place to chill from a hectic shopping trip and watch the world go by.",
    "mapquery" : "Little India"
  },
  { "name": "Universal Studios Singapore",
    "keyword": "uss",
    "description": "Universal Studios Singapore is a theme park located within Resorts World Sentosa on Sentosa Island, Singapore. It was Singapore's second integrated resort, after Marina Bay Sands. On 8 December 2006, the Singapore government announced that Genting had won the bid to build the resort. It is the second Universal Studios theme park to open in Asia, and the first in Southeast Asia.",
    "mapquery" : "Universal Studios Singapore"
  }
]